README.md, before:

## EEA FLIS
FLIS is a website based on Django (http://djangoproject.com) and Wagtail CMS (http://wagtail.io).

### Prerequisites

- Install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/installation/)
- Install [Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

### First time installation

Clone the repository

    $ cd /var/local/deploy
    $ git clone https://github.com/eea/eea.docker.flis.git
    $ cd flis

During the first time deployment, create the secret environment file

    $ cp .env.example .env

Enter production ready variables into .env file:

    $ vim .env
    
Follow [import existing data](#import-existing-data) if you need to import existing data

Start Flis services as a daemon:

    docker-compose -f docker-composer.prod.yml up -d
    
#### Import existing data
If you already have a Flis installation than follow the steps below to import the media files and postgres db into the data containers.

NOTE: Before following these steps, make sure that containers have been launched via:
    
    docker-compose -f docker-composer.prod.yml up -d

Then you will need container ids for django and postgres services, you can get them easily by running:
    
    docker-compose ps

Your output may differ but in our case we got: djflis_django_1 as a Django container name (django_container_name) and djflis_postgres_1
as a Postgres container name (postgres_container_name).

##### Import initial media files:
1. Unzip contents of media.tar.gz files into any location (<initial_media_dir_path>) on your docker host:
      
       mkdir media && tar vfxz media.tar.gz -C media

2. Copy its contents into running django container:

       docker cp media <django_container_name>:/app/media
 
##### Import initial database:
1. Copy database.pqsl.gz into any location (<initial_db_file_path>) on your docker host and then copy its contents
into running postgres container:

        docker cp database.pqsl.gz <postgres_container_name>:/backups

2. Restore database from backup file:

        docker-compose run postgres restore database.psql.gz
    
### Running backups
    
To create a backup, run:

        docker-compose run postgres backup

To list backups, run:

        docker-compose run postgres list-backups

To restore a backup, run:

        docker-compose run postgres restore database.psql.gz
    
To copy the files from the running Postgres container to the host system:

        docker cp <containerId>:/backups /host/path/target

## Build for production

The image you need for production is built automatically at https://hub.docker.com/r/eeacms/flis-django/ when a change is
pushed to GitHub. To ensure that you always have an immutable build for produuction you create a new tag in GitHub.

    $ version=1.0.0
    $ git tag -a $version -m "Release $version"
    $ git push origin $version

Commit message:

Updates docs with Email setup instructions

README.md, after:

## EEA FLIS
FLIS is a website based on Django (http://djangoproject.com) and Wagtail CMS (http://wagtail.io).

### Prerequisites

- Install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/installation/)
- Install [Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

### First time installation

Clone the repository

    $ cd /var/local/deploy
    $ git clone https://github.com/eea/eea.docker.flis.git
    $ cd flis

During the first time deployment, create the secret environment file

    $ cp .env.example .env

Enter production ready variables into .env file:

    $ vim .env
    
Follow [import existing data](#import-existing-data) if you need to import existing data

Start Flis services as a daemon:

    docker-compose -f docker-composer.prod.yml up -d
    
#### Import existing data
If you already have a Flis installation than follow the steps below to import the media files and postgres db into the data containers.

NOTE: Before following these steps, make sure that containers have been launched via:
    
    docker-compose -f docker-composer.prod.yml up -d

Then you will need container ids for django and postgres services, you can get them easily by running:
    
    docker-compose ps

Your output may differ but in our case we got: djflis_django_1 as a Django container name (django_container_name) and djflis_postgres_1
as a Postgres container name (postgres_container_name).

##### Import initial media files:
1. Unzip contents of media.tar.gz files into any location (<initial_media_dir_path>) on your docker host:
      
       mkdir media && tar vfxz media.tar.gz -C media

2. Copy its contents into running django container:

       docker cp media <django_container_name>:/app/media
 
##### Import initial database:
1. Copy database.pqsl.gz into any location (<initial_db_file_path>) on your docker host and then copy its contents
into running postgres container:

        docker cp database.pqsl.gz <postgres_container_name>:/backups

2. Restore database from backup file:

        docker-compose run postgres restore database.psql.gz
    
### Running backups
    
To create a backup, run:

        docker-compose run postgres backup

To list backups, run:

        docker-compose run postgres list-backups

To restore a backup, run:

        docker-compose run postgres restore database.psql.gz
    
To copy the files from the running Postgres container to the host system:

        docker cp <containerId>:/backups /host/path/target

### Email setup

The CMS uses email server for three main tasks:
 - Exceptions reporting
 - Password reset messages
 - Contact form messages
 
Email server settings can be defined via the following environment variables:
 - EMAIL_HOST, set it to your SMTP server address, default value is "localhost"
 - EMAIL_PORT, set it to your SMTP server port, default value is "25"
 - DEFAULT_FROM_EMAIL, set it to your "no-reply" email address, default is "no-reply@localhost"

#### Contact form recipients list
In order to get emails sent through the contact form you need to set a recipient for such emails. To do so, log in admin panel and
go to Settings > Contact form settings and input a single or a comma-separated list of email addresses.

## Build for production

The image you need for production is built automatically at https://hub.docker.com/r/eeacms/flis-django/ when a change is
pushed to GitHub. To ensure that you always have an immutable build for produuction you create a new tag in GitHub.

    $ version=1.0.0
    $ git tag -a $version -m "Release $version"
    $ git push origin $version
